README.md, before:

# electron-lisenser

Electron/Javascript Client for the Lisenser Service

## Installation

`npm install electron-lisenser`

## Quick Start

```ts
import { Lisenser } from 'lisenser'

const lisenser = new Lisenser('<your-product-id>', 'My App')

async function checkLicense() {
  const status = await lisenser.getLicenseStatus()

  switch (status.status) {
    case 'no-key':
      console.log('No license key found')
      break
    case 'invalid':
      console.log('Invalid license key')
      break
    case 'expired':
      console.log(`License expired ${status.daysToExpiry} days ago`)
      break
    case 'active':
      console.log(`License will expire in ${status.daysToExpiry} days`)
      break
  }
}

checkLicense()
```

## API Reference

### Lisenser

An instance of the `Lisenser` class is used to manage
the license status of an Electron app.

##### `productId: string`
The product ID of the app.

##### `appName: string`
The name of the app.

##### `machineId: string`
A unique identifier for the machine running the app.

##### `constructor(productId: string, appName: string = '', machineId?: string)`

Initializes a new instance of the `Lisenser` class.

###### Parameters

- `productId` The product ID of the app.
- `appName` The name of the app.
- `machineId` A unique identifier for the machine running the app. If not provided, a machine ID will be generated using the `machine-digest` package.

---

##### `getLicenseStatus(): Promise<client.LicenseStatus>`

Returns the status of the license key. If no license key is stored locally, returns `no-key`.

###### Returns

The status of the license key.

---

##### `activateLicenseKey(licenseKey: string): Promise<client.LicenseStatus>`

Activates the given license key.

###### Parameters

- `licenseKey` The license key to activate

---

###### Returns

The status of the license key

---

##### `startTrial(): Promise<client.TrialActivationStatus>`

Attempts to start a trial for the app.

###### Returns

The activation status of the trial

---

##### `getTrialStatus(): Promise<client.TrialStatus>`

Gets the current status of the trial for the app.

###### Returns

The current status of the trial

---

##### `createLicenseKeyWindow(iconPath: string, urlToBuy: string, overrideAppName?: string): Promise<void>`

Opens a window for entering a license key.

###### Parameters

- `iconPath` The path to the app icon
- `urlToBuy` The URL to purchase a license key
- `overrideAppName` The name of the app to display in the window. If not provided, the `appName` provided in the constructor will be used.

---

Commit message:

resolve "createLicenseKeyWindow" to true or false depending on outcome

README.md, after:

# electron-lisenser

Electron/Javascript Client for the Lisenser Service

## Installation

`npm install electron-lisenser`

## Quick Start

```ts
import { Lisenser } from 'lisenser'

const lisenser = new Lisenser('<your-product-id>', 'My App')

async function checkLicense() {
  const status = await lisenser.getLicenseStatus()

  switch (status.status) {
    case 'no-key':
      console.log('No license key found')
      break
    case 'invalid':
      console.log('Invalid license key')
      break
    case 'expired':
      console.log(`License expired ${status.daysToExpiry} days ago`)
      break
    case 'active':
      console.log(`License will expire in ${status.daysToExpiry} days`)
      break
  }
}

checkLicense()
```

## API Reference

### Lisenser

An instance of the `Lisenser` class is used to manage
the license status of an Electron app.

##### `productId: string`
The product ID of the app.

##### `appName: string`
The name of the app.

##### `machineId: string`
A unique identifier for the machine running the app.

##### `constructor(productId: string, appName: string = '', machineId?: string)`

Initializes a new instance of the `Lisenser` class.

###### Parameters

- `productId` The product ID of the app.
- `appName` The name of the app.
- `machineId` A unique identifier for the machine running the app. If not provided, a machine ID will be generated using the `machine-digest` package.

---

##### `getLicenseStatus(): Promise<client.LicenseStatus>`

Returns the status of the license key. If no license key is stored locally, returns `no-key`.

###### Returns

The status of the license key.

---

##### `activateLicenseKey(licenseKey: string): Promise<client.LicenseStatus>`

Activates the given license key.

###### Parameters

- `licenseKey` The license key to activate

---

###### Returns

The status of the license key

---

##### `startTrial(): Promise<client.TrialActivationStatus>`

Attempts to start a trial for the app.

###### Returns

The activation status of the trial

---

##### `getTrialStatus(): Promise<client.TrialStatus>`

Gets the current status of the trial for the app.

###### Returns

The current status of the trial

---

##### `createLicenseKeyWindow(iconPath: string, urlToBuy: string, overrideAppName?: string): Promise<boolean>`

Opens a window for entering a license key.

###### Parameters

- `iconPath` The path to the app icon
- `urlToBuy` The URL to purchase a license key
- `overrideAppName` The name of the app to display in the window. If not provided, the `appName` provided in the constructor will be used.

###### Returns

A boolean that is `true` if the License was successfully activated, and `false` otherwise.

---
